contrib/README.md, before:

Repository Tools
---------------------

### [Developer tools](/contrib/devtools) ###
Specific tools for developers working on this repository.
Contains the script `github-merge.py` for merging GitHub pull requests securely and signing them using GPG.

### [Verify-Commits](/contrib/verify-commits) ###
Tool to verify that every merge commit was signed by a developer using the above `github-merge.py` script.

### [Linearize](/contrib/linearize) ###
Construct a linear, no-fork, best version of the blockchain.

### [Qos](/contrib/qos) ###

A Linux bash script that will set up traffic control (tc) to limit the outgoing bandwidth for connections to the PricecoinX network. This means one can have an always-on pricecoinxd instance running, and another local pricecoinxd/pricecoinx-qt instance which connects to this node and receives blocks from it.

### [Seeds](/contrib/seeds) ###
Utility to generate the pnSeed[] array that is compiled into the client.

Build Tools and Keys
---------------------

### Packaging ###
The [Debian](/contrib/debian) subfolder contains the copyright file.

All other packaging related files can be found in the [bitcoin-core/packaging](https://github.com/bitcoin-core/packaging) repository.

### [Gitian-descriptors](/contrib/gitian-descriptors) ###
Files used during the gitian build process. For more information about gitian, see the [the Bitcoin Core documentation repository](https://github.com/bitcoin-core/docs).

### [Gitian-keys](/contrib/gitian-keys)
PGP keys used for signing PricecoinX Core [Gitian release](/doc/release-process.md) results.

### [MacDeploy](/contrib/macdeploy) ###
Scripts and notes for Mac builds. 

### [Gitian-build](/contrib/gitian-build.py) ###
Script for running full Gitian builds.

Test and Verify Tools 
---------------------

### [TestGen](/contrib/testgen) ###
Utilities to generate test vectors for the data-driven PricecoinX tests.

### [Verify Binaries](/contrib/verifybinaries) ###
This script attempts to download and verify the signature file SHA256SUMS.asc from pricecoincrypto.com.

Commit message:

0.17 -> 0.21 | Update master with most recent release code (#3)
Upgrading codebase to v0.21. This will have a lot of changes due to the sheer number of updates we are pushing.

* Very inital 0.18 PricecoinX commit

* port number changes

* chainparams updated

* port changes + chainparamsbase.cpp

* update seed.h values

* update amount.h 50,000,000 coins

* block reward validation.cpp

* block.h include allium

* Allium integration

* Allium integration cont

* replace share/pixmaps

* replace qt res icons

* fix typo caused my ltc name change

* another typo

* Should've reverted last commit - Real commit

* note to rename in future v#s

* Initial PricecoinX v0.21 Commit

* More naming changes

* Initial Port Change

* carefully executed v0.21 Chainparams.cpp

* update chain seed nodes

* update amount.h

* block reward

* allium integration

* changes images

* Final rename stage

* don't forget the actual allium files

* Actually add Lyra2RE files

* Weird exception thing, pow.cpp changes, renaming

* communicating with network, needs testing now

* One last port change

* change bech 32 hrp stuff

* Change timestamps for upcoming soft forks

* add some notes for my own sanity

* upload more patches - note: this may not be needed

* upload std makefile - note: this may not be needed

I believe this file should be generated automatically, but it's here if it isn't

* Update README.md

contrib/README.md, after:

Repository Tools
---------------------

### [Developer tools](/contrib/devtools) ###
Specific tools for developers working on this repository.
Additional tools, including the `github-merge.py` script, are available in the [maintainer-tools](https://github.com/bitcoin-core/bitcoin-maintainer-tools) repository.

### [Verify-Commits](/contrib/verify-commits) ###
Tool to verify that every merge commit was signed by a developer using the `github-merge.py` script.

### [Linearize](/contrib/linearize) ###
Construct a linear, no-fork, best version of the blockchain.

### [Qos](/contrib/qos) ###

A Linux bash script that will set up traffic control (tc) to limit the outgoing bandwidth for connections to the PricecoinX network. This means one can have an always-on pricecoinxd instance running, and another local pricecoinxd/pricecoinx-qt instance which connects to this node and receives blocks from it.

### [Seeds](/contrib/seeds) ###
Utility to generate the pnSeed[] array that is compiled into the client.

Build Tools and Keys
---------------------

### Packaging ###
The [Debian](/contrib/debian) subfolder contains the copyright file.

All other packaging related files can be found in the [bitcoin-core/packaging](https://github.com/bitcoin-core/packaging) repository.

### [Gitian-descriptors](/contrib/gitian-descriptors) ###
Files used during the gitian build process. For more information about gitian, see the [the Bitcoin Core documentation repository](https://github.com/bitcoin-core/docs).

### [Gitian-keys](/contrib/gitian-keys)
PGP keys used for signing PricecoinX Core [Gitian release](/doc/release-process.md) results.

### [MacDeploy](/contrib/macdeploy) ###
Scripts and notes for Mac builds.

### [Gitian-build](/contrib/gitian-build.py) ###
Script for running full Gitian builds.

Test and Verify Tools
---------------------

### [TestGen](/contrib/testgen) ###
Utilities to generate test vectors for the data-driven PricecoinX tests.

### [Verify Binaries](/contrib/verifybinaries) ###
This script attempts to download and verify the signature file SHA256SUMS.asc from pricecoinx.org.
