README.md, before:

PricecoinX Core integration/staging tree
=====================================


https://pricecoincrypto.com

What is PricecoinX?
----------------

PricecoinX is an experimental digital currency that enables instant payments to
anyone, anywhere in the world. PricecoinX uses peer-to-peer technology to operate
with no central authority: managing transactions and issuing money are carried
out collectively by the network. PricecoinX Core is the name of open source
software which enables the use of this currency.

For more information, as well as an immediately useable, binary version of
the PricecoinX Core software, see [https://pricecoincrypto.com](https://pricecoincrypto.com).

License
-------

PricecoinX Core is released under the terms of the MIT license. See [COPYING](COPYING) for more
information or see https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT.

Development Process
-------------------

The `master` branch is regularly built and tested, but is not guaranteed to be
completely stable. [Tags](https://github.com/ZachChan105/pricecoinx/tags) are created
regularly to indicate new official, stable release versions of PricecoinX Core.

The contribution workflow is described in [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

The developer [mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/pricecoinx-dev)
should be used to discuss complicated or controversial changes before working
on a patch set.

Developer IRC can be found on Freenode at #pricecoinx-dev.

Testing
-------

Testing and code review is the bottleneck for development; we get more pull
requests than we can review and test on short notice. Please be patient and help out by testing
other people's pull requests, and remember this is a security-critical project where any mistake might cost people
lots of money.

### Automated Testing

Developers are strongly encouraged to write [unit tests](src/test/README.md) for new code, and to
submit new unit tests for old code. Unit tests can be compiled and run
(assuming they weren't disabled in configure) with: `make check`. Further details on running
and extending unit tests can be found in [/src/test/README.md](/src/test/README.md).

There are also [regression and integration tests](/test), written
in Python, that are run automatically on the build server.
These tests can be run (if the [test dependencies](/test) are installed) with: `test/functional/test_runner.py`

The Travis CI system makes sure that every pull request is built for Windows, Linux, and macOS, and that unit/sanity tests are run automatically.

### Manual Quality Assurance (QA) Testing

Changes should be tested by somebody other than the developer who wrote the
code. This is especially important for large or high-risk changes. It is useful
to add a test plan to the pull request description if testing the changes is
not straightforward.

Translations
------------

We only accept translation fixes that are submitted through [Bitcoin Core's Transifex page](https://www.transifex.com/projects/p/bitcoin/).
Translations are converted to PricecoinX periodically.

Translations are periodically pulled from Transifex and merged into the git repository. See the
[translation process](doc/translation_process.md) for details on how this works.

**Important**: We do not accept translation changes as GitHub pull requests because the next
pull from Transifex would automatically overwrite them again.

Commit message:

0.17 -> 0.21 | Update master with most recent release code (#3)
Upgrading codebase to v0.21. This will have a lot of changes due to the sheer number of updates we are pushing.

* Very inital 0.18 PricecoinX commit

* port number changes

* chainparams updated

* port changes + chainparamsbase.cpp

* update seed.h values

* update amount.h 50,000,000 coins

* block reward validation.cpp

* block.h include allium

* Allium integration

* Allium integration cont

* replace share/pixmaps

* replace qt res icons

* fix typo caused my ltc name change

* another typo

* Should've reverted last commit - Real commit

* note to rename in future v#s

* Initial PricecoinX v0.21 Commit

* More naming changes

* Initial Port Change

* carefully executed v0.21 Chainparams.cpp

* update chain seed nodes

* update amount.h

* block reward

* allium integration

* changes images

* Final rename stage

* don't forget the actual allium files

* Actually add Lyra2RE files

* Weird exception thing, pow.cpp changes, renaming

* communicating with network, needs testing now

* One last port change

* change bech 32 hrp stuff

* Change timestamps for upcoming soft forks

* add some notes for my own sanity

* upload more patches - note: this may not be needed

* upload std makefile - note: this may not be needed

I believe this file should be generated automatically, but it's here if it isn't

* Update README.md

README.md, after:

PricecoinX Core integration/staging tree
=====================================

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/pricecoinx/pricecoinx.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/pricecoin/pricecoinx)

https://pricecoincrypto.com

What is PricecoinX?
----------------

PricecoinX is an experimental digital currency that enables instant payments to
anyone, anywhere in the world. PricecoinX uses peer-to-peer technology to operate
with no central authority: managing transactions and issuing money are carried
out collectively by the network. PricecoinX Core is the name of open source
software which enables the use of this currency.

License
-------

PricecoinX Core is released under the terms of the MIT license. See [COPYING](COPYING) for more
information or see https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT.

Development Process
-------------------

The `master` branch is regularly built (see `doc/build-*.md` for instructions) and tested, but it is not guaranteed to be
completely stable. [Tags](https://github.com/pricecoin/pricecoinx/tags) are created
regularly from release branches to indicate new official, stable release versions of PricecoinX Core.

The contribution workflow is described in [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)
and useful hints for developers can be found in [doc/developer-notes.md](doc/developer-notes.md).

Testing
-------

Testing and code review is the bottleneck for development; we get more pull
requests than we can review and test on short notice. Please be patient and help out by testing
other people's pull requests, and remember this is a security-critical project where any mistake might cost people lots of money.

### Automated Testing

Developers are strongly encouraged to write [unit tests](src/test/README.md) for new code, and to
submit new unit tests for old code. Unit tests can be compiled and run
(assuming they weren't disabled in configure) with: `make check`. Further details on running
and extending unit tests can be found in [/src/test/README.md](/src/test/README.md).

There are also [regression and integration tests](/test), written
in Python, that are run automatically on the build server.
These tests can be run (if the [test dependencies](/test) are installed) with: `test/functional/test_runner.py`

The Travis CI system makes sure that every pull request is built for Windows, Linux, and macOS, and that unit/sanity tests are run automatically.

### Manual Quality Assurance (QA) Testing

Changes should be tested by somebody other than the developer who wrote the
code. This is especially important for large or high-risk changes. It is useful
to add a test plan to the pull request description if testing the changes is
not straightforward.

Translations
------------

We only accept translation fixes that are submitted through [Bitcoin Core's Transifex page](https://www.transifex.com/projects/p/bitcoin/).
Translations are converted to PricecoinX periodically.

Translations are periodically pulled from Transifex and merged into the git repository. See the
[translation process](doc/translation_process.md) for details on how this works.

**Important**: We do not accept translation changes as GitHub pull requests because the next
pull from Transifex would automatically overwrite them again.
