contrib/verify-commits/README.md, before:

Tooling for verification of PGP signed commits
----------------------------------------------

This is an incomplete work in progress, but currently includes a pre-push hook
script (`pre-push-hook.sh`) for maintainers to ensure that their own commits
are PGP signed (nearly always merge commits), as well as a script to verify
commits against a trusted keys list.


Using verify-commits.py safely
------------------------------

Remember that you can't use an untrusted script to verify itself. This means
that checking out code, then running `verify-commits.py` against `HEAD` is
_not_ safe, because the version of `verify-commits.py` that you just ran could
be backdoored. Instead, you need to use a trusted version of verify-commits
prior to checkout to make sure you're checking out only code signed by trusted
keys:

    git fetch origin && \
      ./contrib/verify-commits/verify-commits.py origin/master && \
      git checkout origin/master

Note that the above isn't a good UI/UX yet, and needs significant improvements
to make it more convenient and reduce the chance of errors; pull-reqs
improving this process would be much appreciated.

Configuration files
-------------------

* `trusted-git-root`: This file should contain a single git commit hash which is the first unsigned git commit (hence it is the "root of trust").
* `trusted-sha512-root-commit`: This file should contain a single git commit hash which is the first commit without a SHA512 root commitment.
* `trusted-keys`: This file should contain a \n-delimited list of all PGP fingerprints of authorized commit signers (primary, not subkeys).
* `allow-revsig-commits`: This file should contain a \n-delimited list of git commit hashes. See next section for more info.

Key expiry/revocation
---------------------

When a key (or subkey) which has signed old commits expires or is revoked,
verify-commits will start failing to verify all commits which were signed by
said key. In order to avoid bumping the root-of-trust `trusted-git-root`
file, individual commits which were signed by such a key can be added to the
`allow-revsig-commits` file. That way, the PGP signatures are still verified
but no new commits can be signed by any expired/revoked key. To easily build a
list of commits which need to be added, verify-commits.py can be edited to test
each commit with BITCOIN_VERIFY_COMMITS_ALLOW_REVSIG set to both 1 and 0, and
those which need it set to 1 printed.

Commit message:

0.17 -> 0.21 (#7)
Lots of changes since this updates our codebase from 0.17 to 0.21


* Very inital 0.18 PricecoinX commit

* port number changes

* chainparams updated

* port changes + chainparamsbase.cpp

* update seed.h values

* update amount.h 50,000,000 coins

* block reward validation.cpp

* block.h include allium

* Allium integration

* Allium integration cont

* replace share/pixmaps

* replace qt res icons

* fix typo caused my ltc name change

* another typo

* Should've reverted last commit - Real commit

* note to rename in future v#s

* Initial PricecoinX v0.21 Commit

* More naming changes

* Initial Port Change

* carefully executed v0.21 Chainparams.cpp

* update chain seed nodes

* update amount.h

* block reward

* allium integration

* changes images

* Final rename stage

* don't forget the actual allium files

* Actually add Lyra2RE files

* Weird exception thing, pow.cpp changes, renaming

* communicating with network, needs testing now

* One last port change

* change bech 32 hrp stuff

* Change timestamps for upcoming soft forks

* add some notes for my own sanity

* upload more patches - note: this may not be needed

* upload std makefile - note: this may not be needed

I believe this file should be generated automatically, but it's here if it isn't

* Update README.md

contrib/verify-commits/README.md, after:

Tooling for verification of PGP signed commits
----------------------------------------------

This is an incomplete work in progress, but currently includes a pre-push hook
script (`pre-push-hook.sh`) for maintainers to ensure that their own commits
are PGP signed (nearly always merge commits), as well as a Python 3 script to verify
commits against a trusted keys list.


Using verify-commits.py safely
------------------------------

Remember that you can't use an untrusted script to verify itself. This means
that checking out code, then running `verify-commits.py` against `HEAD` is
_not_ safe, because the version of `verify-commits.py` that you just ran could
be backdoored. Instead, you need to use a trusted version of verify-commits
prior to checkout to make sure you're checking out only code signed by trusted
keys:

 ```sh
 git fetch origin && \
 ./contrib/verify-commits/verify-commits.py origin/master && \
 git checkout origin/master
 ```

Note that the above isn't a good UI/UX yet, and needs significant improvements
to make it more convenient and reduce the chance of errors; pull-reqs
improving this process would be much appreciated.

Configuration files
-------------------

* `trusted-git-root`: This file should contain a single git commit hash which is the first unsigned git commit (hence it is the "root of trust").
* `trusted-sha512-root-commit`: This file should contain a single git commit hash which is the first commit without a SHA512 root commitment.
* `trusted-keys`: This file should contain a \n-delimited list of all PGP fingerprints of authorized commit signers (primary, not subkeys).
* `allow-revsig-commits`: This file should contain a \n-delimited list of git commit hashes. See next section for more info.

Import trusted keys
-------------------
In order to check the commit signatures, you must add the trusted PGP keys to your machine. [GnuPG](https://gnupg.org/) may be used to import the trusted keys by running the following command:

```sh
gpg --keyserver hkp://keyserver.ubuntu.com --recv-keys $(<contrib/verify-commits/trusted-keys)
```

Key expiry/revocation
---------------------

When a key (or subkey) which has signed old commits expires or is revoked,
verify-commits will start failing to verify all commits which were signed by
said key. In order to avoid bumping the root-of-trust `trusted-git-root`
file, individual commits which were signed by such a key can be added to the
`allow-revsig-commits` file. That way, the PGP signatures are still verified
but no new commits can be signed by any expired/revoked key. To easily build a
list of commits which need to be added, verify-commits.py can be edited to test
each commit with BITCOIN_VERIFY_COMMITS_ALLOW_REVSIG set to both 1 and 0, and
those which need it set to 1 printed.
