doc/README.md, before:

PricecoinX Core
=============

Setup
---------------------
PricecoinX Core is the original PricecoinX client and it builds the backbone of the network. It downloads and, by default, stores the entire history of PricecoinX transactions (which is currently more than 7 GBs); depending on the speed of your computer and network connection, the synchronization process can take anywhere from a few hours to a day or more.

To download PricecoinX Core, visit [pricecoincrypto.com](https://pricecoincrypto.com).

Running
---------------------
The following are some helpful notes on how to run PricecoinX Core on your native platform.

### Unix

Unpack the files into a directory and run:

- `bin/pricecoinx-qt` (GUI) or
- `bin/pricecoinxd` (headless)

### Windows

Unpack the files into a directory, and then run pricecoinx-qt.exe.

### macOS

Drag PricecoinX Core to your applications folder, and then run PricecoinX Core.

### Need Help?

* See the documentation at the [PricecoinX Wiki](https://pricecoinx.info/)
for help and more information.
* Ask for help on [#pricecoinx](http://webchat.freenode.net?channels=pricecoinx) on Freenode. If you don't have an IRC client use [webchat here](http://webchat.freenode.net?channels=pricecoinx).
* Ask for help on the [PricecoinXTalk](https://pricecoinxtalk.io/) forums.

Building
---------------------
The following are developer notes on how to build PricecoinX Core on your native platform. They are not complete guides, but include notes on the necessary libraries, compile flags, etc.

- [Dependencies](dependencies.md)
- [macOS Build Notes](build-osx.md)
- [Unix Build Notes](build-unix.md)
- [Windows Build Notes](build-windows.md)
- [OpenBSD Build Notes](build-openbsd.md)
- [NetBSD Build Notes](build-netbsd.md)
- [Gitian Building Guide](gitian-building.md)

Development
---------------------
The PricecoinX repo's [root README](/README.md) contains relevant information on the development process and automated testing.

- [Developer Notes](developer-notes.md)
- [Release Notes](release-notes.md)
- [Release Process](release-process.md)
- [Translation Process](translation_process.md)
- [Translation Strings Policy](translation_strings_policy.md)
- [Travis CI](travis-ci.md)
- [Unauthenticated REST Interface](REST-interface.md)
- [Shared Libraries](shared-libraries.md)
- [BIPS](bips.md)
- [Dnsseed Policy](dnsseed-policy.md)
- [Benchmarking](benchmarking.md)

### Resources
* Discuss on the [PricecoinXTalk](https://pricecoinxtalk.io/) forums.
* Discuss general PricecoinX development on #pricecoinx-dev on Freenode. If you don't have an IRC client use [webchat here](http://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=pricecoinx-dev).

### Miscellaneous
- [Assets Attribution](assets-attribution.md)
- [Files](files.md)
- [Fuzz-testing](fuzzing.md)
- [Reduce Traffic](reduce-traffic.md)
- [Tor Support](tor.md)
- [Init Scripts (systemd/upstart/openrc)](init.md)
- [ZMQ](zmq.md)

License
---------------------
Distributed under the [MIT software license](/COPYING).
This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project for use in the [OpenSSL Toolkit](https://www.openssl.org/). This product includes
cryptographic software written by Eric Young ([eay@cryptsoft.com](mailto:eay@cryptsoft.com)), and UPnP software written by Thomas Bernard.

Commit message:

0.17 -> 0.21 | Update master with most recent release code (#3)
Upgrading codebase to v0.21. This will have a lot of changes due to the sheer number of updates we are pushing.

* Very inital 0.18 PricecoinX commit

* port number changes

* chainparams updated

* port changes + chainparamsbase.cpp

* update seed.h values

* update amount.h 50,000,000 coins

* block reward validation.cpp

* block.h include allium

* Allium integration

* Allium integration cont

* replace share/pixmaps

* replace qt res icons

* fix typo caused my ltc name change

* another typo

* Should've reverted last commit - Real commit

* note to rename in future v#s

* Initial PricecoinX v0.21 Commit

* More naming changes

* Initial Port Change

* carefully executed v0.21 Chainparams.cpp

* update chain seed nodes

* update amount.h

* block reward

* allium integration

* changes images

* Final rename stage

* don't forget the actual allium files

* Actually add Lyra2RE files

* Weird exception thing, pow.cpp changes, renaming

* communicating with network, needs testing now

* One last port change

* change bech 32 hrp stuff

* Change timestamps for upcoming soft forks

* add some notes for my own sanity

* upload more patches - note: this may not be needed

* upload std makefile - note: this may not be needed

I believe this file should be generated automatically, but it's here if it isn't

* Update README.md

doc/README.md, after:

PricecoinX Core
=============

Setup
---------------------
PricecoinX Core is the original PricecoinX client and it builds the backbone of the network. It downloads and, by default, stores the entire history of PricecoinX transactions, which requires approximately 22 gigabytes of disk space. Depending on the speed of your computer and network connection, the synchronization process can take anywhere from a few hours to a day or more.

To download PricecoinX Core, visit [pricecoinx.org](https://pricecoinx.org/).

Running
---------------------
The following are some helpful notes on how to run PricecoinX Core on your native platform.

### Unix

Unpack the files into a directory and run:

- `bin/pricecoinx-qt` (GUI) or
- `bin/pricecoinxd` (headless)

### Windows

Unpack the files into a directory, and then run pricecoinx-qt.exe.

### macOS

Drag PricecoinX Core to your applications folder, and then run PricecoinX Core.

### Need Help?

* See the documentation at the [PricecoinX Wiki](https://pricecoinx.info/) for help and more information.
* Ask for help on [#pricecoinx](https://webchat.freenode.net/#pricecoinx) on Freenode. If you don't have an IRC client, use [webchat here](https://webchat.freenode.net/#pricecoinx).
* Ask for help on the [PricecoinXTalk](https://pricecoinxtalk.io/) forums, in the [Technical Support board](https://pricecoinxtalk.io/c/technical-support).

Building
---------------------
The following are developer notes on how to build PricecoinX Core on your native platform. They are not complete guides, but include notes on the necessary libraries, compile flags, etc.

- [Dependencies](dependencies.md)
- [macOS Build Notes](build-osx.md)
- [Unix Build Notes](build-unix.md)
- [Windows Build Notes](build-windows.md)
- [FreeBSD Build Notes](build-freebsd.md)
- [OpenBSD Build Notes](build-openbsd.md)
- [NetBSD Build Notes](build-netbsd.md)
- [Gitian Building Guide (External Link)](https://github.com/bitcoin-core/docs/blob/master/gitian-building.md)

Development
---------------------
The PricecoinX repo's [root README](/README.md) contains relevant information on the development process and automated testing.

- [Developer Notes](developer-notes.md)
- [Productivity Notes](productivity.md)
- [Release Notes](release-notes.md)
- [Release Process](release-process.md)
- [Source Code Documentation (External Link)](https://doxygen.bitcoincore.org/)
- [Translation Process](translation_process.md)
- [Translation Strings Policy](translation_strings_policy.md)
- [JSON-RPC Interface](JSON-RPC-interface.md)
- [Unauthenticated REST Interface](REST-interface.md)
- [Shared Libraries](shared-libraries.md)
- [BIPS](bips.md)
- [Dnsseed Policy](dnsseed-policy.md)
- [Benchmarking](benchmarking.md)

### Resources
* Discuss on the [PricecoinXTalk](https://pricecoinxtalk.io/) forums.
* Discuss general PricecoinX development on #pricecoinx-dev on Freenode. If you don't have an IRC client, use [webchat here](https://webchat.freenode.net/#pricecoinx-dev).

### Miscellaneous
- [Assets Attribution](assets-attribution.md)
- [bitcoin.conf Configuration File](bitcoin-conf.md)
- [Files](files.md)
- [Fuzz-testing](fuzzing.md)
- [Reduce Memory](reduce-memory.md)
- [Reduce Traffic](reduce-traffic.md)
- [Tor Support](tor.md)
- [Init Scripts (systemd/upstart/openrc)](init.md)
- [ZMQ](zmq.md)
- [PSBT support](psbt.md)

License
---------------------
Distributed under the [MIT software license](/COPYING).
